Reinitialize route line layers every time initialize is called. (#6793)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: changelog/unreleased/bugfixes/6793.md

> - Updated behavior of `MapboxRouteLineView::initializeLayers` to always reset the route line related layers with the options provided even if it means removing existing layers in order to apply the options. Also new instances of `MapboxRouteLineView` will result in an initialization of the layers upon the first render call. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where `MapboxRouteLineOptions` provided in a new instance of `MapboxRouteLineView` would've been ignored if the style object use with `render` functions already had route line layers initialized.
```
